# Supervised-Learning-to-Classify-LGPS-Solid-Electrolytes
Li10GeP2S12 (LGPS) is a strong candidate to compete with commercial liquid electrolytes due to extremely high ionic conductivities (12 ms cm-1). The improvement of LGPS has been developed using substitution strategies: aliovalent cation substitution, isovalent cation substitution, oxygen substitution, and anion substitution. Machine learning is an effective method to restrict the search space for the best substitution strategy. Building the machine learning model starts with gathering data from research papers that synthesized substituted-LGPS. The data is explored and analyzed to preprocess the correlation between the feature and the missing values problem. Then, any machine learning models are applied to the data to get insight for the model selection. Bagging Classifier, Extra Trees Classifier, and Random Forest Classifier are the best candidates for the classification model. After building the models, Bayesian optimization is used to optimize the models. Random Forest Classifier is the best model among the others based on leave one out cross validation (LOOCV) score, which is about 0.80. The relationship between the features and the target property is examined using permutation importance and Shapley additive explanations (SHAP). Activation energy is the most important feature, and aliovalent cation substitution is the best strategy to improve the ionic conductivity of LGPS SSE. However, data with better quality is necessary to build a better model with better classification capabilities.
